well Israel is facing International
condemnation after air strikes killed at
least 45 people Sheltering in tents near
a un building in southern Gaza on Sunday
many of the dead and injured were again
women and children the Palestinian red
Cresent says people were burned alive in
the attempts the Israeli government has
admitted its air strike on Rafa resulted
in a fire that killed Palestinian
civilians to uh the events of last night
according to initial reports these are
initial reports a broke out after the
attack which which appears to have taken
civilian
lives civilian casualties are
desperately sad but this is the war
Hamas wanted and
started Arab countries have denounced
the attack katar says the bombing will
hinder chances of a ceasefire agreement
while Egypt has called at the deliberate
bombardment of displaced people and the
three European nations set to recognize
Palestine as a state on Tuesday have
also condemned the attack Ireland Norway
and Spain all accuse Israel of breaching
International humanitarian law by
refusing to end its assault on the
southern city Axel zovich begins our
coverage sifting through rubble and
Ashes Palestinians try to salvage what
they can from the charred remains of
their temporary
homes on Sunday at least eight Israeli
missiles struck a tent camp in Rafa
[Music]
housing dozens of displaced families in
an area the Israeli military itself had
designated as a safe
Zone the air strike sparked a fire
killing dozens of people most of them
women and
children Witnesses say some were trapped
inside these tents and burned
alive I lost five family members we were
sitting in tents when suddenly the camp
was bombed I lost five family members
all burned completely among the victims
were pregnant women they kept telling us
this area was safe until we're
bombed we were praying we had just
performed the magreb prayer and we were
getting our children's beds ready to
sleep there was nothing unusual then we
heard a very loud noise and fire erupted
around us all the children started
screaming and all the nearby rooms were
shaking the sound was terrifying
severely burned survivors were taken to
the few hospitals in Rafa still
[Music]
functioning these children have been
orphaned their parents killed in the
attack several victims died because
without medicine or supplies health
workers are unable to provide proper
treatment there is no security in Gaza
there is no security not for a child an
elderly man or for a woman here he is
with his wife they were killed they are
gone he left the children the innocent
ones what have they done to deserve
this the Israeli attack comes in
defiance of Friday's ruling by the
international court of
justice which ordered an immediate Hall
to the military assault on Rafa citing
the catastrophic humanitarian situation
in the city and the immense risk posed
to the hundred of thousands of
Palestinians who had sought Refuge
there Axel zovich Al jazer hindal Kari
joins me on the line from der Al Bala in
central Gaza hind you've been to the
site of this attack in Rafa can you talk
us through what you saw there what
people were telling
you well we made it to the location of
the target a couple of hours after the
incident took place it's a very massive
empty land behind the Hella Majestic
space with thousands of tents the fire
was actually still erupting people were
having were striving to contain the fire
they were using sand because there were
no water resources everything was burned
according to the eye witnesses AR there
were 20 tents that were completely bur
the children there were terrified they
said that it was a very loud explosion
and all they saw was an orange sky and
ambulances har rushing to the area
transferring injuries um we saw bring
body parts and flesh um some people
started their new journey of
displacement but other people told me
that they chose to stay because even if
they evacuate and and go to another area
there's no place safe and there's no
guarantee that the Israeli forces will
um Target them uh in the last update the
health Ministry in Gaza said that the to
increased to 45 people um uh including
23 women children and elderly um and
with all with at least
249 Palestinians
injured till now our our our breathing
system is not operating back again
because um the the Blaze and and and the
fire and all of these burnt stuff the
this the smell is still stuck in my head
uh it's it it was a very harsh night at
everyone that was displaced in this
makeshift Camp people are left nowhere
and they feel homeless and displaced and
they do not really know where they
should
go hind Kari there're describing what
she saw in the aftermath of that attack
in Rafa thank you very much hind well
Israel says it killed two senior Hamas
commanders in that attack but says that
the details of the strike are still
under investigation meanwhile the the
two countries involved in mediating
between Israel and Hamas have condemned
it Egypt's foreign Ministry called it
the deliberate bombardment of displaced
people's tents in Rafa and it's called
on Israel to abide by the top un courts
ruling to Halt military actions in Rafa
katar to has condemned the attack saying
the bombing would only complicate
ongoing mediation efforts as well as
hinder plans to reach an agreement for a
ceasefire French president Emanuel
macron says he's outraged and that
Israel's operations must stop as there
are no safe plac left for Palestinians
te's president R erdogan has commented
too saying he'll do everything possible
to hold what he called barbarians and
murderers
accountable make sure to subscribe to
our channel to get the latest news from
Al jazer